Content-Type: text/x-zim-wiki
Wiki-Format: zim 0.4
Creation-Date: 2017-04-28T19:45:04-07:00

====== Luna ======
**Luna** (ルナ //Runa//) is a kindhearted young maiden from the village of Sinobi, located deep within the Valley of God, where she studied alchemy and healing magic.

From a young age, Luna had a love of animals, and would often play with domesticated ones around Sinobi and feed the birds in the area. One morning she found dying bird on the ground that she desperately wanted to help. Her parents told her it was unfortunately too late to save it, but she insisted so they took her to Melkos who gave Luna the same appraisal. Melkos, seeing how heartbroken she looked, offered to teach her so she can look after injured animals. Along with her studied of alchemy and medicine, Luna developed particular skill with healing magic. She quickly adopted its use as a kind of raison d'être.

Among the village, Luna got along well with everyone (the nice ones, at least). As a healer, she tended to others often, seeing it as effectively helping everybody because everyone was in this world together, so to speak. Her parents did a good job of encouraging this, but that feeling melded with her want to keep people safe and happy to a sort of averseness to conflict. In the same vein, her desire to avoid making people angry or unhappy led her to be timid as she slowly eases in to talking with others.

Luna is very close to Kira and Ren, having grown up with them. Kira and Ren never had much objection to bending the rules for fun around Sinobi (and outside of it, as the case may have been), and even though Luna generally went along with them (at the very least, she hoped to try to keep them out of additional trouble) she'd feel guilty about it. Most of Sinobi knew exactly what was going on and didn't blame her (much) for what she ended up apologizing about. Luna finds Kira to be the easiest to talk to (and reprimand, rare as it is) among the group, but feels like he has been less close to her since their travels have proceeded. She doesn't like it but Kira seems happy which is enough for her to accept it.

Luna hasn't had to abuse Empathy on Meridia too much, which is fortunate because other she might have twisted her own feelings for Kira, but given the amount of adventure left she could still do that... She also harbors a secret and fiercely suppressed jealously about how Kira is also able to make pacts with spirits to the point that she doesn't even consciously admit to herself the feeling exists.

A pure soul who cares for others to a fault (a bleeding-heart, even), Luna's greatest weakness is others' suffering. The determination damage should be proportional to the level of suffering of the victim. Additionally, the damage should be greater if the victim was someone close to her, she was the principal cause of the suffering, or she was trying to help the victim at the time and failed. Her greatest fear would be trying to heal a mortal wound of, say, Ren, but being too late to save him. Such a uniquely terrible incident should probably result in fatal or at least critical determination damage.
